We've now taken a look at the four different pages that we're going to create for this React application.
Remember, over time, we're going to add in a couple more pages to this thing for all the ticketing
features and aspects.
But right now our backend only supports authentication, so we're going to build out the React app to
support authentication.
All right.
So quick discussion on how we're going to actually build this thing.
Now on this diagram right here, this is a diagram we had seen previously.
This is how a normal traditional React application works in a development setting.
So in a development setting, we'll be running some kind of normal React app or really a React app development
server.
Any time a user types in a URL to their browser that's going to point them to a React application.
We're going to probably end up making at least two requests, but usually probably end up making three.
The very first request is going to fetch us an HTML file that is pretty much empty except for some very
basic script tags inside of it.
The browser will load up that HTML file.
It's going to see that some different script tags are listed inside there.
And so the browser will make a follow up request, possibly several requests to get some additional
JavaScript files that will be made to the Create React app development server that's going to respond
with the JavaScript files that the browser is asking for.
The browser will then execute all that JavaScript code or react application will start up and the React
app will possibly decide that it needs to make some follow up requests to fetch some data.
And so it might make a request to say the order service to get a list of orders.
The Order Service will then respond with that data and then the React app will take that data and render
some actual content on the screen.
So again, at least two, probably three or more requests just to show some content to a user.
So rather than taking this traditional approach, we're going to be using server side rendering instead
in a server side rendering approach.
The browser is going to make a request to our next JS development server.
Next JS is the framework we're going to use to implement the server side rendering stuff very easily.
The next JS development server is then going to internally make a couple of requests off to different
services to fetch some data.
So it might make a request over to the order service or the ticketing service to get a list of orders,
ticketing, whatever else.
The next jazz development server is then going to take that data.
It's going to build out a full HTML document, a document that has a ton of content rendered into it.
So perhaps some HTML to list out some orders or HTML to list out some tickets or whatever else.
It's then going to take that HTML and send it back to the user's browser all in one single request.
So there's several reasons we are making use of server side rendering here.
The first reason, and to be blunt, the most the most important reason for the context of this application
is I want to show you how to set up server side rendering in the context of microservices.
That's really why we are using next JS here, but there's several other reasons to do this.
First off, a user is going to see some content up here on the screen much more quickly.
Number two, a user is going to be able to see content more quickly, particularly if they're on a mobile
device.
So if a user is on a mobile device, they might not be able to load up all the JavaScript effectively
or in any timely fashion if we have a lot of complicated stuff going on in the screen.
And finally, server side rendered applications tend to fare a lot better with search engine optimization.
So these are all fantastic reasons to implement server side rendering inside of a kind of ticket purchasing
or e-commerce type application.
All right.
So now that we've got a quick reminder on how we're going to implement all this.
One more pause.
Come back in the next video and we're going to do some initial setup of next JJ's inside of our project.